OSDOCS-12546 unconditionalize AWS sample install config doc (#84385)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws-config-yaml-customizations.adoc

Reviewer: Do you want to stick the old `installation-aws-config-yaml.adoc` in the unused topics folder to discourage people finding/using it?

Author: Yup, good call.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_aws/ipi/installing-aws-customizations.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="installation-aws-config-yaml-customizations_{context}"]
= Sample customized install-config.yaml file for AWS

You can customize the installation configuration file (`install-config.yaml`) to specify more details about your {product-title} cluster's platform or modify the values of the required parameters.

[IMPORTANT]
====
This sample YAML file is provided for reference only. You must obtain your `install-config.yaml` file by using the installation program and modify it.

> For a full list and description of all installation configuration parameters, see the page titled _Installation configuration parameters_.

Reviewer: This is a little tricky. Looking at the guidance in [Lead-in link sentences](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentences), I think you want this:
```suggestion
For a full list and description of all installation configuration parameters, see _Installation configuration parameters for AWS_.
```
though there is not an example exactly like that

====

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: Would it help to add a title to the YAML block?

Author: Definitely

----
apiVersion: v1 <1>
baseDomain: example.com
sshKey: ssh-ed25519 AAAA...
pullSecret: '{"auths": ...}'
metadata:
  name: example-cluster
controlPlane: <2>
  name: master
  platform:
    aws:
      type: m6i.xlarge
  replicas: 3
compute: <3>
-  name: worker
  platform:
    aws:
      type: c5.4xlarge
  replicas: 3
networking: <4>
  clusterNetwork:
  - cidr: 10.128.0.0/14
    hostPrefix: 23
platform: <5>
  aws:
    region: us-west-2
----
<1> Parameters at the first level of indentation apply to the cluster globally.
<2> The `controlPlane` stanza applies to control plane machines.
<3> The `compute` stanza applies to compute machines.

> <4> The `networking` stanza controls the cluster networking configuration. If networking values are not provided, the installation program provides default values.

Reviewer: Could rephrase to avoid passive here I think
```suggestion
<4> The `networking` stanza controls the cluster networking configuration. If you do not provide networking values, the installation program provides default values.
```

Author: Good catch

> <5> The `platform` stanza controls aspects of the infrastructure platform that hosts the cluster.

Reviewer: Not sure if there is a semantic difference intended between "applies to" and "controls" - would it be possible to use one term across all of them?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_aws/ipi/installing-aws-customizations.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="installation-aws-config-yaml-customizations_{context}"]
= Sample customized install-config.yaml file for AWS

You can customize the installation configuration file (`install-config.yaml`) to specify more details about your {product-title} cluster's platform or modify the values of the required parameters.

[IMPORTANT]
====
This sample YAML file is provided for reference only. You must obtain your
`install-config.yaml` file by using the installation program and modify it.
====

[source,yaml]
----

> apiVersion: v1
> baseDomain: example.com
> credentialsMode: Mint
> controlPlane:
>   hyperthreading: Enabled
>   name: master
>   platform:
>     aws:
>       zones:
>       - us-west-2a
>       - us-west-2b
>       rootVolume:
>         iops: 4000
>         size: 500
>         type: io1
>       metadataService:
>         authentication: Optional
>       type: m6i.xlarge
>   replicas: 3
> compute:
> - hyperthreading: Enabled
>   name: worker
>   platform:
>     aws:
>       rootVolume:
>         iops: 2000
>         size: 500
>         type: io1
>       metadataService:
>         authentication: Optional
>       type: c5.4xlarge
>       zones:
>       - us-west-2c
>   replicas: 3
> metadata:
>   name: test-cluster
> networking:
>   clusterNetwork:
>   - cidr: 10.128.0.0/14
>     hostPrefix: 23
>   machineNetwork:
>   - cidr: 10.0.0.0/16
>   networkType: OVNKubernetes
>   serviceNetwork:
>   - 172.30.0.0/16
> platform:
>   aws:
>     region: us-west-2
>     propagateUserTags: true
>     userTags:
>       adminContact: jdoe
>       costCenter: 7536
>     amiID: ami-0c5d3e03c0ab9b19a
>     serviceEndpoints:
>       - name: ec2
>         url: https://vpce-id.ec2.us-west-2.vpce.amazonaws.com
> fips: false
> sshKey: ssh-ed25519 AAAA...
> pullSecret: '{"auths": ...}'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
apiVersion: v1
baseDomain: example.com
controlPlane:
  name: master
  platform:
    aws:
      zones:
      - us-west-2a
      - us-west-2b
      rootVolume:
        iops: 4000
        size: 500
        type: io1
      type: m6i.xlarge
  replicas: 3
compute:
-  name: worker
  platform:
    aws:
      rootVolume:
        iops: 2000
        size: 500
        type: io1
      type: c5.4xlarge
      zones:
      - us-west-2c
  replicas: 3
metadata:
  name: test-cluster
platform:
  aws:
    region: us-west-2
    propagateUserTags: true
    userTags:
      adminContact: jdoe
      costCenter: 7536
sshKey: ssh-ed25519 AAAA...
pullSecret: '{"auths": ...}'
```

In case this is hard to read, I would drop:
credentialsMode: Mint
  hyperthreading: Enabled
  metadataService:
        authentication: Optional
all of networking
    amiID: ami-0c5d3e03c0ab9b19a
serviceEndpoints:
      - name: ec2
        url: https://vpce-id.ec2.us-west-2.vpce.amazonaws.com
fips: false

It kind of depends on how aggressive you want to be in terms of paring down the install config. Everything I removed seems very unlikely to be changed--except `credentialsMode` but I think that is documented elsewhere.

Most of what I left is related to the cloud infrastructure and these are things I could see customers wanting to tweak. We could probably remove `zones` as well, as I'm not sure how often users want to choose specific zones. The installer just distributes the machine pools over those zones.
